# P4 DikDiks
   # WELCOME TO THE MARIO MUSEUM!
    Our group will focus on creative development (We will achieve this through collaboration), data (We will achieve this by investigating computing innovations), algorithms and programming (We will do this through strings, abstraction, lists, and procedures), computing systems and networks (We will use the internet as our main network to gather info), and the impact of computing (Our program will be beneficial for those who would like to know more about the video game industry). 
    Our project will focus on the mainline Mario games. We are planning on making a website that contains soundtracks, gameplay, and info of each listed game. We plan on adding sprites to make the website and mini-game more appealing to the players, and we will collaborate together to make the website the best it can be. The selected games that we will be using in our website are: Super Mario 64, Mario Odyssey, Mario Galaxy, Mario Sunshine, and our own little Mini-game add-on. Our mini-game will include a character selection ranging from characters like Mario, Luigi, and Toad. I will be a timed game to see how many coins the user can grab in a certain interval of time within a restrained box that the player can jump around. There will be a leaderboard that will refresh after each player has played so it can list players’ highscores through a set database.

Friday, December 11th (Week 1)
Project Plan
   
   Beginning: Create a website with our title and outline of the whole project
   
   Midterm: Have some of the basic information of the Mario Games prepared and have the blueprint of our mini-game ready to code by the six week mark.
   
   N@TM: Make sure we have our whole Mario Museum complete including: Embedded soundtracks, videos as well as the images; our mini-game must be completely done and ready for users          to play and have all the information needed for the website.
   
   Big Ticket Items: Our big ticket item will be the mini-game we're creating that can incorporate the data of the players which will be our most appealing item.
   
   CB Big Idea #3: Created storyboard to consider our ideas of the website. The homepage will have a large title of the project, the group members, and a general description of the Mario series. To make the home page visually pleasing, we will put pictures in the background. Here we created subsections of multiple games in order to make the website organized  for a better user experience. The homepage will have a large title of the project, the group members, and a general description of the Mario series. To make the home page visually pleasing, we will put pictures in the background. Each subsection will have the same format. The minigame subsection will provide instructions on the top of the page and the mini game itself will be in the middle. The final subsection (so far) will be the leader board where users can use CRUD to display their username and final score. This will make it easier for users to compare high scores with their friends. We'll use HTML to format the subsections. https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xys8txhzQTyU4i30_sKqmHkE3WzJbl7l09plkWrdwJ0/edit?usp=sharing (Link to the storyboard)
   CB Big Idea #4: In order to set up a website on a rasberry pi server more efficiently, we will use NGINX. Link: https://www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/remote-access/web-server/nginx.md
   CB Big Idea #5: Our project will most likely have a greater impact outside of the classroom environment. We believe that those who want to know more about the Mario Brothers series, play fun games, or listen to iconic Mario music in the soundtrack will visit our website. Under each subsection of the website, we will include a link to the Youtube channel providing the music and gameplay as well as other websites that provide more in depth looks in the Mario series.
